and it came to pass after these things
and it came to pass after these things that neighbor the jezreelite had a
that neighbor the jezreelite had a
that neighbor the jezreelite had a vineyard which was in jesu next to the
vineyard which was in jesu next to the
vineyard which was in jesu next to the palace of ahab king of samaria so Ahab
palace of ahab king of samaria so Ahab
palace of ahab king of samaria so Ahab spoke to neighbor give me your vineyard
spoke to neighbor give me your vineyard
spoke to neighbor give me your vineyard that I may have it for a vegetable
that I may have it for a vegetable
that I may have it for a vegetable garden because it is near next to my
garden because it is near next to my
garden because it is near next to my house and for it I will give you a
house and for it I will give you a
house and for it I will give you a vineyard better than it or if it seems
vineyard better than it or if it seems
vineyard better than it or if it seems good to you I will give you it's worth
good to you I will give you it's worth
good to you I will give you it's worth and money the Lord forbid that I should
and money the Lord forbid that I should
and money the Lord forbid that I should give the inheritance of my father's to
give the inheritance of my father's to
give the inheritance of my father's to you so Ahab went into his house sullen
you so Ahab went into his house sullen
you so Ahab went into his house sullen and displeased because of the word which
and displeased because of the word which
and displeased because of the word which neighbor the jezreelite had spoken to
neighbor the jezreelite had spoken to
neighbor the jezreelite had spoken to him for he had said I will not give you
him for he had said I will not give you
him for he had said I will not give you the inheritance of my father's and he
the inheritance of my father's and he
the inheritance of my father's and he lay down on his bed and turned away his
lay down on his bed and turned away his
lay down on his bed and turned away his face and would eat no food but Jezebel
face and would eat no food but Jezebel
face and would eat no food but Jezebel his wife came to him
his wife came to him
his wife came to him why is your spirits so sullen that you
why is your spirits so sullen that you
why is your spirits so sullen that you eat enough food because I spoke to
eat enough food because I spoke to
eat enough food because I spoke to neighbor the jezreelite and said to him
neighbor the jezreelite and said to him
neighbor the jezreelite and said to him give me your vineyard for money or else
give me your vineyard for money or else
give me your vineyard for money or else if it pleases you I will give you
if it pleases you I will give you
if it pleases you I will give you another vineyard for it and he answered
another vineyard for it and he answered
another vineyard for it and he answered I will not give you my vineyard you now
I will not give you my vineyard you now
I will not give you my vineyard you now exercise authority over Israel
exercise authority over Israel
exercise authority over Israel rise eat food and let your heart be
rise eat food and let your heart be
rise eat food and let your heart be cheerful I will give you the vineyard of
cheerful I will give you the vineyard of
cheerful I will give you the vineyard of naboth the jezreelite and she wrote
naboth the jezreelite and she wrote
naboth the jezreelite and she wrote letters in Ahab's name sealed them with
letters in Ahab's name sealed them with
letters in Ahab's name sealed them with his seal and sent the letters to the
his seal and sent the letters to the
his seal and sent the letters to the elders and the nobles who were dwelling
elders and the nobles who were dwelling
elders and the nobles who were dwelling in the city with neighbor she wrote in
in the city with neighbor she wrote in
in the city with neighbor she wrote in the letters proclaim a fast and Sita
the letters proclaim a fast and Sita
the letters proclaim a fast and Sita namath with high honor among the people
namath with high honor among the people
namath with high honor among the people and seat two men scoundrels before him
and seat two men scoundrels before him
and seat two men scoundrels before him to bear witness against him saying you
to bear witness against him saying you
to bear witness against him saying you have blaspheme God and the king then
have blaspheme God and the king then
have blaspheme God and the king then take him out and stone him that he may
take him out and stone him that he may
take him out and stone him that he may die so the men of his city the elders
die so the men of his city the elders
die so the men of his city the elders and nobles who were inhabitants of his
and nobles who were inhabitants of his
and nobles who were inhabitants of his city did as Jezebel had sent to them as
city did as Jezebel had sent to them as
city did as Jezebel had sent to them as it was written in the letters which he
it was written in the letters which he
it was written in the letters which he had sent to them they proclaimed a fast
had sent to them they proclaimed a fast
had sent to them they proclaimed a fast and seated neighbor with high honour
and seated neighbor with high honour
and seated neighbor with high honour among the people and two men scoundrels
among the people and two men scoundrels
among the people and two men scoundrels came in and sat before him and the
came in and sat before him and the
came in and sat before him and the scoundrels witnessed against him against
scoundrels witnessed against him against
scoundrels witnessed against him against neighbor in the presence of the people
neighbor in the presence of the people
neighbor in the presence of the people saying
saying
saying nebith has blasphemy God and the king
nebith has blasphemy God and the king
nebith has blasphemy God and the king when they took him outside the city and
when they took him outside the city and
when they took him outside the city and stoned him with stones so that he done
stoned him with stones so that he done
stoned him with stones so that he done [Applause]
then they sent to Jezebel nebith has
then they sent to Jezebel nebith has been stoned and is dead and it came to
been stoned and is dead and it came to
been stoned and is dead and it came to pass when Jezebel heard that neighbors
pass when Jezebel heard that neighbors
pass when Jezebel heard that neighbors had been stoned and was dead that
had been stoned and was dead that
had been stoned and was dead that Jezebel said to Ahab arise take
Jezebel said to Ahab arise take
Jezebel said to Ahab arise take possession of the vineyard of naboth the
possession of the vineyard of naboth the
possession of the vineyard of naboth the jezreelite which he refused to give you
jezreelite which he refused to give you
jezreelite which he refused to give you for money
for money
for money her neighbor is not alive but dead so it
her neighbor is not alive but dead so it
her neighbor is not alive but dead so it was when Ahab heard that neighbor was
was when Ahab heard that neighbor was
was when Ahab heard that neighbor was dead that Ahab got up and went down to
dead that Ahab got up and went down to
dead that Ahab got up and went down to take possession of the vineyard of
take possession of the vineyard of
take possession of the vineyard of naboth the jezreelite then the word of
naboth the jezreelite then the word of
naboth the jezreelite then the word of the lord came to elijah the tishbite
the lord came to elijah the tishbite
the lord came to elijah the tishbite arise go down to me day hab king of
arise go down to me day hab king of
arise go down to me day hab king of Israel who lives in Samaria there he is
Israel who lives in Samaria there he is
Israel who lives in Samaria there he is in the vineyard of naboth where he has
in the vineyard of naboth where he has
in the vineyard of naboth where he has gone down to take possession of it you
gone down to take possession of it you
gone down to take possession of it you shall speak to him say thus says the
shall speak to him say thus says the
shall speak to him say thus says the Lord have you murdered and also taken
Lord have you murdered and also taken
Lord have you murdered and also taken possession and you shall speak to him
possession and you shall speak to him
possession and you shall speak to him saying thus says the Lord in the place
saying thus says the Lord in the place
saying thus says the Lord in the place where dogs licked the blood of
where dogs licked the blood of
where dogs licked the blood of neighbor's dogs shall lick your blood
neighbor's dogs shall lick your blood
neighbor's dogs shall lick your blood even yours
even yours
even yours so Ahab said to Elijah have you found me
so Ahab said to Elijah have you found me
so Ahab said to Elijah have you found me oh my enemy I have found you because you
oh my enemy I have found you because you
oh my enemy I have found you because you have sold yourself to do evil in the
have sold yourself to do evil in the
have sold yourself to do evil in the sight of the Lord behold I will bring
sight of the Lord behold I will bring
sight of the Lord behold I will bring calamity on you I will take away your
calamity on you I will take away your
calamity on you I will take away your posterity and will cut off from a hab
posterity and will cut off from a hab
posterity and will cut off from a hab every male in Israel both bond and free
every male in Israel both bond and free
every male in Israel both bond and free I will make your house like the house of
I will make your house like the house of
I will make your house like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat
Jeroboam the son of Nebat
Jeroboam the son of Nebat and like the house of Basha the son of a
and like the house of Basha the son of a
and like the house of Basha the son of a Hydra because of the provocation with
Hydra because of the provocation with
Hydra because of the provocation with which you have provoked me to anger and
which you have provoked me to anger and
which you have provoked me to anger and made Israel sin and concerning Jezebel
made Israel sin and concerning Jezebel
made Israel sin and concerning Jezebel the Lord also spoke saying the dogs
the Lord also spoke saying the dogs
the Lord also spoke saying the dogs shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel
shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel
shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel the dogs shall eat whoever belongs to
the dogs shall eat whoever belongs to
the dogs shall eat whoever belongs to a.m. and dies in the city and the birds
a.m. and dies in the city and the birds
a.m. and dies in the city and the birds of the air shall eat whoever dies in the
of the air shall eat whoever dies in the
of the air shall eat whoever dies in the field but there was no one like a hat
field but there was no one like a hat
field but there was no one like a hat who sold himself to do wickedness in the
who sold himself to do wickedness in the
who sold himself to do wickedness in the sight of the Lord because Jezebel his
sight of the Lord because Jezebel his
sight of the Lord because Jezebel his wife stirred him up and he behaved very
wife stirred him up and he behaved very
wife stirred him up and he behaved very abominably in following idols according
abominably in following idols according
abominably in following idols according to all that the amorite had done whom
to all that the amorite had done whom
to all that the amorite had done whom the Lord had cast out before the
the Lord had cast out before the
the Lord had cast out before the children of Israel so it was when Ahab
children of Israel so it was when Ahab
children of Israel so it was when Ahab heard those words but he tore his
heard those words but he tore his
heard those words but he tore his clothes and put sackcloth on his body
clothes and put sackcloth on his body
clothes and put sackcloth on his body and fasted and lay in sackcloth went
and fasted and lay in sackcloth went
and fasted and lay in sackcloth went about mourning
about mourning
about mourning and the word of the Lord came to Elijah
and the word of the Lord came to Elijah
and the word of the Lord came to Elijah the Tishbite see how a hab has humbled
the Tishbite see how a hab has humbled
the Tishbite see how a hab has humbled himself before me because he has humbled
himself before me because he has humbled
himself before me because he has humbled himself before me I will not bring the
himself before me I will not bring the
himself before me I will not bring the calamity in his days in the days of his
calamity in his days in the days of his
calamity in his days in the days of his son I will bring the calamity on his
son I will bring the calamity on his
son I will bring the calamity on his house
house
house [Music]